docs: clarify Localizable.strings entry in localization guide (#42039)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/localization.mdx

Now, the display name of your app is set to `こんにちは` whenever it's installed on a device with the language set to Japanese.

> Since SDK 55, there is the option to specify an iOS-only `Localizable.strings` object whose entries are used to create native localization files. The entries can be used in [iOS localized notifications](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/usernotifications/generating-a-remote-notification#Localize-your-alert-messages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In SDK 55 and later, there is an iOS-only option to specify a `Localizable.strings` object whose entries are used to create native localization files. The entries can be used in [iOS localized notifications](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/usernotifications/generating-a-remote-notification#Localize-your-alert-messages).
```

Let's improve the readability and the use recommended pattern for version callout: https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#sdk-version-range-callouts
